# Hospital Frontend App

## What is this?

This is a frontend application project for a hospital which is required on a technical test. This application is built using VueJS Framework.

## How to use it?

1. Clone, config and run the Backend API on https://github.com/RZID/BE-Hospital.git.

2. Clone this repository with command : `git clone https://github.com/RZID/FE-Hospital.git` in your computer / server.

3. Install required modules with NPM `npm install` or with Yarn `yarn install` in the terminal.

4. Make `.env` files on the `root path of project`.

5. Write `VUE_APP_BACKEND=<fill with the path of the backend>` and `VUE_APP_TITLE=<fill with the name of application>`. If you are confused, you can take a look at `example.env` that located in `root path of project`.

6. Run the app :
   a. It's recommended to run the app with `development mode` first with NPM `npm run serve` or with Yarn `yarn serve` to Check if the application can be run properly.
   b. If this app can run smoothly in `development mode` described in `point a`, then proceed to build the app in production with NPM `npm run build` or with Yarn `yarn build`. Then, you can serve with `serve` or another HTTP Server.
   - With `serve` :
     - Install globally the `serve` node library with NPM `npm i -g serve` or with Yarn `yarn global add serve`
     - Run the app with `serve -s dist/` with dynamic port generated by `serve` module or you can use static port that you can configurate with running `serve -s dist/ -l <fill with the port you want eg. 8080 or 5000>` instead.
     - Open the browser and enter the link provided on the terminal along with the port.
   - With another HTTP Server : Take a look the documentation on https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/deployment.html
